welcome to the men of recaps this is
Arrested Development season 4 Michael
Bluth had finally decided to bail on his
dysfunctional family when the feds came
for his mother who hijacked the Queen
Mary to escape but it didn't go so well
hilariously this makes her case fall
under maritime law which is a throwback
joke to seasons one through three but
Michael is all the way done he sells his
shares of the Bluth company to Lucille 2
and finally finishes development on
sudden Valley with his own company but
as we'll see it doesn't go so well
Buster is missing his mother and things
start to get weird luckily she's allowed
out under house arrest until her trial
so they fall back into their old routine
George Bluth meets with longtime rival
Stan Sitwell and to some corporate
espionage to find out that they've been
contracted to build a wall between the
United States and Mexico the Bluths want
that business for themselves
conveniently George's twin brother Oscar
owns a bunch of land on the us-mexico
border where he and his hippie friends
like to eat the maca root so George buys
the land from his brother and while
they're still waiting on the wall
project he starts father B's sweat and
squeeze it's a fake leadership seminar
where he gets rich businessmen into the
sweat lodge and then sells them
exorbitant ly overpriced lemonade of
course father B's fine because it's his
twin brother Oscar who's doing the
sweating now George Michael punched his
uncle job because job stole George
Michael's girlfriend and her he
accidentally proposes to her so at the
wedding he's going to do a grand magic
trick illusion but it's also a real
escape because he's trying to bail on
the wedding unfortunately he can't get
his handcuffs off and finds himself
trapped in the rock and disappears for
real eventually though he is found
Lindsay Bluth found out she is adopted
and also her husband Tobias is very gay
so disillusioned with her life she
travels to India for some spiritual
awakening mostly though just does some
shopping and Tobias is also ready for a
new start to which he spells like this
and unbeknownst to each other they both
go on the same India trip when they get
back to fix their marriage they decide
to buy a gigantic house they can't
afford which works out really well until
the housing market crash which is also
bad news for Michael Bluth with sudden
Mally a complete failure Michael moves
into his son George Michael's college
dorm room but it's a little crowded in
there so Michael devises an elaborate
scheme to vote out George Michaels other
roommate P ound
his only miscalculation was that his son
doesn't want him there so he's the one
voted out now it's Lucille's trial and
per usual none of the family shows up so
she sent to a resort
Prison where she quickly becomes the
queen bee without his mother around
Buster rejoins the army they make him a
drone operator which he's very good at
until in a horrible crash he loses his
hand again and they give him a giant
robot hand still wanting to be an actor
tobias goes to the method one acting
clinic which of course is a methadone
clinic
he meets former drug addicts debris
Bardo which he recognizes as an actress
from the NACA Fantastic Four and also
the porn series straight bait her
boyfriend is Marky bark an environmental
activist that is just Lindsay's
theoretical type the couples go on a
double date where Lindsay falls for
Marky but he lives on an ostrich farm
with his mom which is unacceptable so
Lindsay takes him in the ostrich to her
mom's penthouse Tobias falls for debris
and tries to reignite her acting career
unfortunately they're continually fined
because they don't have the rights to
Fantastic Four
Tobias goes back to the model home which
is now being used as a to catch a
predator house and because he says
things like this daddy needs to get his
rocks off he is arrested as a sexual
predator Jo makes friends with young
superstar singer Marc Cherry and joins
his entourage it's a wild blur of
partying which comes with a lot of shame
so job starts taking his famous
forget-me-now x' with charge just
roofies but forgetting he already took
one the day before he ends up in a
vicious roofie cycle they call Jobe get
away because he's basically their limo
driver and when Mark cherry gets sick of
him he tries to kick him out with the
song get away get away
but Jobe doesn't get it George Michael
also getting into music you may remember
he is an incredible woodblock player and
he creates a woodblock app called
fakeblock his cousin maybe you remember
she conned her way into being a
Hollywood producer but she's fired when
they realized she never graduated high
school and turns out she's not very good
at high school so she gets George
Michael to tutor her seeing her again
reignites his cousin crush and when she
mistakenly thinks that fakeblock is a
very impressive Internet privacy
software he decides to just go with it
down near Mexico George senior finally
tries some maca root and has a spirit
vision where a shaman puts a curse on
him of course it was actually just Marky
bark but one year later the curse has
come true George finds his testosterone
is gone and his twin brother Oscar is
now more virile than ever he starts
sleeping with Lucille again and Lucille
2 Lucille 2 is running for Congress
against Herbert love played by Terry
Crews George needs to convince Herbert
love to support the border wall turns
out Lindsay's there too because
Marky Mark is going to glitter bomb
Herbert love and protest she got a
$50,000 check to maybe from gangie for
facelift which she thinks is her mother
paying for her daughter's plastic
surgery but is really her movie
royalties George takes the check and
pays off Herbert love to support the
wall only later to realize the land he
bought from Oscar was on the wrong side
of the border it's in Mexico Jobe is
there to to sabotage longtime rival Tony
wonder who has now rebranded himself as
the gay magician he thinks it was Tony
who sabotage his last trick so when he
sees a podium full of glitter he wedges
that shut but boom that was actually
Marky Mark's podium so he blew himself
and luckily he's face blind so Lindsey
is able to ditch him she flirts with
Herbert love and they start dating she
wants to get him against the wall though
and she kind of succeeds his campaign
manager thinks that she's a prostitute
though and that maybe is her pimp so
free money she decides to go with it the
cousins were there because maybe he's
getting a movie award but to impress
people she talks up the fact that she's
working with fakeblock the hot new
Internet company this impresses actress
rebel allene so George Michael keeps
going with it and gives her the fake
name George Maharis maybe starts
promoting fakeblock a little too well
and pretty soon the fake company has
very real investors Michael finally made
good on his threat to start a new life
in Phoenix only to realize it is ungodly
hot there and no one should live in the
desert so Michael comes back home he
gets a job with Google driving one of
their mapping cars but soon he gets a
call from Kitty his dad's old secretary
who is now Ron Howard's secretary
he's the narrator by the way he wants to
do a movie about the Bluth family and
needs Michael to get all the release
form signed outside he runs into actress
rebel alley and claims to be a big-shot
producer so they start dating due to a
misunderstanding he thinks she's Ron
Howard's mistress but later awkwardly
finds out it's Ron Howard's daughter but
rebels also interested in internet
billionaire George Maharis so they start
dating too when Michael finds out
there's another guy he does some
snooping and realizes he's dating the
same girl as his own son Tobias is now a
registered sex offender but he's led out
of prison to be the therapist at Lucille
2's rehab clinic where he reconnects
with his lost love debris and decides
that the best way to rehab is to put on
a fantastic for musical but they need
money to buy the rights so Lucille 2
calls in the 700,000 dollar debt that
Michael owes her so Michael gets job to
help him sell these houses but that's
very difficult because the neighborhoods
so far from any schools are playgrounds
which is perfect
for a certain demographic and sudden
valley becomes a haven for sex offenders
speaking of sex offenders joke pretends
to be gay so he can get revenge on Tony
wonder his plan is to make Tony fall in
love with him then break his heart but
turns out these two guys have a lot in
common
saying one thing they have in common is
that neither is actually gay but they
agree to have a gay sex date on the
Cinco de cuatro now as a disabled vet
buster was adopted by Herbert love to
compete with his opponent Lucille 2 but
when his wife finds out her husband's
been seeing a prostitute she has revenge
sex with buster but Herbert love calls
it off with Lindsay and his wife dumps
Buster so Buster uses his monster hands
to knock him out of the race they need
someone to run in his place so Lindsay
gets up there and accidentally runs for
Congress her ex-boyfriend Marky bark was
gonna glitter bomb Herbert love again
but due to a mix-up he and Tobias and
going to the Fantastic Four Flo and they
messed that up anyway Michael Bluth is
there to try to pay off his debt to
Lucille 2 with sexual favors but she
rejects him because he's not worth
$700,000 but later that night Lucille 2
is found murdered or maybe just missing
and for funny inter-connected reasons
every single member of the Bluth family
had some motive to kill her but Buster's
the one who's caught on the security
tape he visits his nephew to use his
privacy software to erase the footage of
course all it does is just play some
sick woodblock beats Joe runs into his
almost wife Ann who has a young child
now but it's not his it's actually from
a one-night stand with Tony wonder joke
devises an elaborate scheme where they
have sex to get revenge on Tony but Ann
convinces Tony to have sex with her to
get revenge on Joe but then Ann bails
and the two guys end up having sex with
each other which was what they wanted in
the first place and Michael is there the
next morning to see who job is with so
Joe beads him or forget-me-now and
Michael wakes up with no memory of the
day before he decides he wants to get
more serious with rebel but George
Michaels already there and father and
son bump into each other on the way out
and realized they've been dating the
same girl
it's a funny awkward situation until he
realizes his dad knew that he was dating
rebel so he punches his dad in the face
and that's how season 4 comes to an end
[Music]